for thousands of years flocks have
migrated smoothly across the skies that
is until he came along I'm giving you
one more chance to grow up so you belong
to this flock lead the junior fliers I
can't fly with the kids they're childish
family friendly communities you are not
family friendly yeah so what's the
problem do we have to migrate in a
v-formation you but next spring fate of
those your kids turd larry has other
plans we got it separated from our flock
can you help us or not I would say aye
man or not fine
come on let's go now hey if he doesn't
step up on your shoulders not a chance
and they don't let off you have no idea
what you're doing do you they're all
what
[Music]
crazier is your brother indestructible
whatever I say goes
I am NOT a baby for your information I
am 16 days old 16 days all what kind of
ring
[Music]